README.md, before:

# IGSEBot

<img src="/assets/@IGSEBot githup repository cover.jpg" alt="@IGSEBot Logo" width=250/>

Hello there! 👋🏻 I'm IGSEBot, an inline bot for Telegram written in Python that helps you to search on Google 
for any type of query 🤯 on the web using Google search engine 🔍.

My Telegram username is [@IGSEBot](https://t.me/IGSEBot)

## How to use me?

Please go ahead and start me by typing `/start` in [your Telegram](https://qiamast.github.io/IGSEBot/) chat,
then you can use me to search for any image on the web by typing `@IGSEBot` in any chat followed by
any title name.
For instance, you can type `@IGSEBot` followed by `python` to search for any title about of a `python` at the Google and get link:
`@IGSEBot python` and you'll a list of title that you can click on to get the title link .


## Deployment instructions 🚀

Under development

## Contributing ®️

See the participation guide [here](contributing.md).

## License 📝

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.
You can find a copy of this license [here](LICENSE).

## TODOs 👨🏻‍💻

- [ ] add Search feature on robot chat page
- [ ] add GIF about how to use bot
- [ ] FIX search query at every complete title now a letter
- [ ] Dynamic bot name at information

Commit message:

fix: call api when query len > 6 and more

README.md, after:

# IGSEBot

<img src="/assets/@IGSEBot githup repository cover.jpg" alt="@IGSEBot Logo" width=500/>

Hello there! 👋🏻 I'm IGSEBot, an inline bot for Telegram written in Python that helps you to search on Google 
for any type of query 🤯 on the web using Google search engine 🔍.

My Telegram username is [@IGSEBot](https://t.me/IGSEBot)

## How to use me?

Please go ahead and start me by typing `/start` in [your Telegram](https://qiamast.github.io/IGSEBot/) chat,
then you can use me to search for any image on the web by typing `@IGSEBot` in any chat followed by
any title name.
For instance, you can type `@IGSEBot` followed by `python` to search for any title about of a `python` at the Google and get link:
`@IGSEBot` and you'll a list of title that you can click on to get the title link .


## Deployment instructions 🚀

Under development

## Contributing ®️

See the participation guide [here](contributing.md).

## License 📝

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.
You can find a copy of this license [here](LICENSE).

## TODOs 👨🏻‍💻

- [x] make search query pagination easy like ":2" => this means page 2
- [ ] add Search feature on robot chat page
- [ ] add GIF about how to use bot
- [ ] FIX search query at every complete title now a letter
- [ ] Dynamic bot name at information
